Refactor imuldw API (#613)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/ops/imuldw/docs/repl.txt

    > var v = {{alias}}( 1, 10 )
    [ 0, 10 ]

{{alias}}.assign( a, b, out, stride, offset )

>     Multiplies two signed 32-bit integers and returns an array of two signed 32-
>     bit integers which represents the signed 64-bit integer product, and assigns
>     results to a provided output array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Multiplies two signed 32-bit integers and assigns results representing the signed 64-bit integer product to a provided output array.
```

This needs to be line wrapped.
